Hello. My name is Hasnat Fahim and This was my attempt at completing the
Take-home task for interview At ALDI SÜD for the role of Frontend Developer.

To run the project, you need to install dash, dash_mantine_components, pandas, openpyxl
and then run the app.py file.

The interview was really interesting and a bit challenging for me. My task was to
build a Superstore dashboard website based on the given excel sheet "Sample - Superstore.xlsx".
I had to create 3 page, a home page, a page where I show the whole data table and a page that
contains a bubble chart and timeline chart.

I was successfully able to create the pages per requirement. In the home page I showed some useful
information, chart and two cards that leads the user to the graph page and data table page per
requirement.

In the table page I gave user a hierarchy dropdown selection option where user can
select the region, state and city and state options gets updated based on selected region and city
options gets updated based on selected state.

In the graph page I showed two chart, a timeline chart and a bubble chart where bubble chart had
two axis selector dropdown and a breakdown dropdown. The timeline chart also got updated as per
the axis selector dropdown option and also had a granularity dropdown at the top, where user
could filter by start and ending date and period.

Also created a sidebar for the user to navigate through the website.

I couldn't fulfill every task mentioned in the instruction. I specially missed out on putting
icon by the sidebar menu options. To put the icon I could've used dash-iconify but i missed out on it.
Also couldn't find icon list by the dash-iconify.

The main challenge of the task was working pd and dash. I haven't worked with dash before and
I had to learn the whole flow to implement this small website. Also calculating all the values
based on the dropdown was quite challenging as I am not used to doing this kind of calculations.
But I learned a lot from this experience. Specially on how to deal with csv files in python and
how to create dashboard and chart using them.

I wish I could make it look more beautiful. But I am with what I've done.
